until the all good night I send you
a greeting
to the people of youtube to the whiskeys to
subscribers and the community of
xperia m
this time I am with you to
share this widget that out there
I got from a room that is for some
experience
and then I tried it and if it works it works
I'm perfectly in the version of 4.3
compilation 1.9 the latest version for
the month of android xperia
to me
well, good
the video I do because many do not know
how to install it and to understand in some
Explorer that executes rudd permissions
in this case I'm going to do it with root
explorer and the file will come like this
named as it is here what they are going to
make it rename
up to where it says music widget
next to freckles
without space they leave it
and here in the lacquer you add one here
another bed to make a file
strange
this file is moved or copied
to the systems app route
here they exist
app
and they look for the height where the music is
widget and they put you
riding permits
writing
copy it in the strange file
it's the pkk
and then making a backup of your
facebook widget to original sin
they copy it to x direction I'm going to
copy here in case in case you do not
like
and then they go back to the
system app folder and delete it the
widget has sinned original
they eliminate it
and I miss with
termination to pkk re name
removing the face that they added
accept
and it's going to be the process of renaming what
that here gets you a little bit slower
terminal and there is this I do it to not
do a bounce of the device and not
have to be turning on turning off the
eye terminal will not do it with a
assist Jewish with the framework
it is simply done with freckles that
Quickly recognizes the terminal more than the
framework in this case is worth the
redundancy and in this in the step to
to be forgiven is to give him permission to
inverted as many say out there
they beat it by doing it and in permissions
to be like this and eliminate our two
they accept it
and there again makes another exchange
now if you look for your widget in the in the
Drawer applications should analyze
in the area of ​​widgets and support
and it's this one below
has four options and I loved this
What I did to him was give him a
medium in glass or little transparent
because the version comes very dark
original and the music with the original
that yes divulge the and also elevate
the particles a little more towards towards
the center because they looked very tiny
and then the other two the truth is not me
they liked
one is the big smart hover and the other
is the expandable already there what you
they taste
I'm going to leave the link of the file
in mega in the description of the video
I hope you like them
I send you a greeting from Mexico that
be fine until the next